Tutorial on pinning nixpkgs (#24)
domenkozar/nix.dev: source/index.rst

.. topic:: Introduction
 

>    Welcome to documentation for developers wanting to get things done with `Nix ecosystem <https://nixos.org/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Welcome to the documentation for developers wanting to get things done using `the Nix ecosystem <https://nixos.org/>`_.
```
